Possible attacks on WLAN and WEP.
ans -Wireless attacks are of two sub categories:

a) N/w attacks and
b) Device Security Information Attacks
Network Attacks:
a) DoS Attacks: flooding communication server with connection request.
b) Traffic analysis: wireless cards to track traffic load
c) Eaves dropping: access data flow that is not encryptedd) Session interception: man in middle modifies message
e) Spoofing: attacker pretends to be leg it user
f) Capturing and retransmission: msgs contain identity location and credentials.
g) Info leakage: attacker pretends to be an mss
h) Modification: database change or program
i) Fabrication
Device Attacks:Pull attacks, Push attacks, Forced deauthentication, Multiprotocol communication, Mobility and roaming, Disconnection Delegation

WEP (wired equivalent privacy)It is based on symmetric secret key
    Keystream is created using secret key and initialization vector (IV)
Attacks on computer systems and networks can be divided
into passive and active attacks
– Active attacks involve altering data or creating fraudulent streams.
– Passive attacks are inherently eavesdropping or snooping on transmission.
Other categories of attack on Wireless Network:
Jamming:
Attacks against encryption
Interruption of service attacks is also easily applied to wireless
networks. In such a case, the legitimate traffic cannot reach clients
or access points due to the fact that illegitimate traffic overwhelms
the frequencies. (e.g. Generating noise in 2.4 GHz band)
IEEE 802.11b standard uses an encryption scheme called Wired
Equivalent Privacy (WEP) which has proven to have some
weaknesses. Sophisticated attacker can break the WEP scheme.
Misconfiguration
The majority of access points have an unsecured configuration,
where the security features may not be enabled.11
Brute force attacks against passwords of access points
Attackers can attempt to compromise this password or key by
trying all possibilities. Once the attacker guesses the key or the
password, he/she can gain access to the access point and compromise
the security of the system.
Insertion attacks
This type of attack is based on deploying a new wireless network
without following security procedure.


references-www.ques10.com/p/14119/explain-possible-attacks-on-wireless-lan-and-exp-1
